tick tock steals views from youtube and
then I punch
tick tock in the external and he stops me from
fooling around I
mean you don't play with my bread you don't play
although the tic toc arrobas you don't visit I
put my whole chest in it and I take him off the tobacco I
don't want to get like that but if I have no
other choice I will get like that I don't want to have to
become tick tock er
and you guys don't want it either
you guys don't want it either no it doesn't have to
be very nice for me to become addicted
no to hundreds of boomers I don't even have to
download the app
[Music]
armand yoox 19 welcome thank you so
much thank you so much to all of you who
are making me a member okay it freaks me
out about cooking that you all become
members so many people that every day
make a lot of real members and it freaks
me out time the flower was dude it doesn't
taste bad
yesterday something very nice happened before
seeing the video I'm going to put it up and shut up
something beautiful happens dude and the thing is that everything ends the
way it has to end yesterday
something beautiful happens okay it turns out that there is
the  fonera states that you already know
who the fonera states is that one who
dedicated 12 hours and gets on the beach
12 hours reacting to a video of mine
chord of that flower was that there are two
videos on the secondary channel I
think the video is called this one so they
lock her up or something like that well
then the flowers started to chile
asses that we don't know who she was that I don't know
what and we were telling her the day
if we know who you are we have a
phone number we have your email idea bragging
yes yes come on come and I saw email and
phone number it's surely fake speaks
blah
blah blah blah and cody olivan and he gave him his email and you know what he's done I mean he's challenging us he's challenging us to give him his email his I don't know what and he reports the tweet and they give livan an extra on twitter
[Music]
welcome macu macu macu lore lore
welcome so in other words the guide trust cheater
of the church 20 to a live and in the
live I'll tell you who you are na na na na
on twitter on twitter of course what the
two options  one doesn't want to make a
fool of herself here like she did with a fried egg and like
everyone else who was uploading
okay and 2 does
n't want people to know who you are because
you're ashamed of what you do that you're
sick that this lost absence and at the
end of the year
give me my email and phone number I'll
upload for this she wanted us to put
the email phone sometimes to
report them she's challenging us to
put whatever and she reports you that they are
like that and they are pathetic and she knows how to play it has been
divine justice
that libar has been taken away they have taken away
the strike she has peeled it because she doesn't
break any rules
and they have removed her strike but
nevertheless to her oh my
god
account suspended indefinitely for
stalking
account closed for stalking you
can no longer have twitter ever again
because when they close your account you ca
n't have any more
for stalking you ca
n't be sick you have
an account created as an avatar my mouth the
account exclusively dedicated to me
girl I don't know there
are no more things in life I watch a lot of
the island of temptations I see what I know
some videos of aurum place
is that I see  things that I like I don't
see things that I dislike and the girl
dedicates her life entirely to me you already
remember the day and if she thinks in
her parallel reality that they do me some
kind of harm we
are going to dismantle it now javi look the
last thing this girl was doing on
her twitter was a thread this is what I saw
the last few days worth a thread
collecting all the tweets that I have
plagiarized
I put a plagiarized tweet a copy part
of my whole life
and she added the thread it will have the
notifications bitter activities and each
tweet that I put checks to see if I have
made a copy a copy patch welcome to
twitter
on twitter we steal tweets
welcome
it was made for the account by the
hunter they noticed wasting all that
effort for nothing really here because
you might make that effort but
then you are going to get something that that
other person does badly that the channel is brought down
that they are portraying you that
nobody follows you anymore
for
pathetic people pathetic people like the
kid in the video that we are going to watch today that you
know the state of sending me them by
email
I'm just I'm just telling you that the
title is I apologize for my machismo
what did this boy
ask that he's in Charles I do
n't know what came up with what
this little almond head could do
well this is a video that's quite
different from the normal one on my channel
because it completely escapes what
biology is but it's a video that I
consider very necessary to do
with this I not only want to expose
certain things
for various issues that have been
occurring in outreach communities
that occur in universities that occur
in different parts but I also
want to give an example of what should be
done when one makes a mistake
basically already I mean we all make
mistakes we have all hurt someone at
some point
but that doesn't remove certain
responsibilities now this
is a pretty strong topic quite hard
but I feel that if one really
changes like this one is really making
a positive change in one's life then you're not
going to justify yourself for mistakes and
bad things that you've done but you assume them you accept
that if something is wrong and
apologize and that's the objective of making this
video why reason because well we have all
grown up in a patriarchal environment
a sexist environment I don't know horses of
Patxi and  Tunisia [ __ ] you know where I was born we
all grew up in a
patriarchal sexist environment well it's just the
act there will be people who were born with
people educated with people who know how to be
with people who are not sexist
because you assume
this locality is this we
can assume nobody's gender okay
right
but they can assume where we were
born we know and this kid well
more commands so much the video that it has to
be super ridiculous and simoes but I don't
expect us to like it same not that much
but
the kid spends almost 20 minutes at 17
minutes asking for forgiveness for sexism
and the same 20 after having it's the same what he
has done was invite
his neighbor a coffee invite her a coffee
touch on this idea because well
effectively it is normalized so
when they tell us this suddenly it shocks us
as if they were having an
attack it
shocks me so much like it is about to
hit your left eyebrow with your
right eyebrow and you don't stop to think in an
unbiased way and analyze things and
realize that it's really
epic you know extreme stingy should
react it doesn't sound familiar to me in fact this
youtube he  also don't have thanks for
the super coffee dexter
but it has 200,000 subscribers
men have certain privileges
that unfortunately women
today do not have and that the gap
what privilege could be
free entry to the movies
man you know a lot know the vela dough I
loved you saw referendums 2000
man you know I've made it now 20 thousand
and cheeses 20,000 and maybe you know the serious
look like that
the simple even if you don't have it but I'll eat it for
you thank you darling thank you
very much
already about gender it is a fact it is something real and
that as much as things are talked about like
men also suffer these really
unfortunately women have
had to suffer a lot
life has been very difficult for them unlike other
people I consider that having a
fairly large channel at this moment 200 almost
230,000 at the moment that I make this
video then I feel the responsibility and I
feel the duty to be able to make a video like
this to be able to not only
apologize but it is your duty huiqu and
sebas it is your duty right now with  200
thousand subscribers instead of
exposing allies and the hypocrisy of the
real ones, make a video now that it has
a lot more impact to reach
more people making a fool of yourself
because if it weren't for your impact we would
never have found out about this, not to
communicate and so that we can
all make a better society. Well, I
'm going to start first by making
a kind of confession let's say it in a
general way because I don't have a
particular person, ours, an account
told me saw account my old man you came
here to confess this is the ideal place
relax here we're not going to judge you
here we're just going to laugh at you a little
moment to apologize to if I have
noticed and identified mistakes on my
part in negative acts towards people,
girls to whom I have apologized
before but can you imagine if a guy
calls you on the phone
Annika knows the sea hole that
a boy
who was in your class seven
years ago calls you on the phone and says, hey, I have to
apologize for that time I broke your
pen at school, I
broke your pen because it was  sexist
does not take away from the fact that something could have happened
where a girl felt uncomfortable
with me and I had not realized that
so this apology goes out to all
the people to whom maybe I never
apologized
in my case because of ignoring due to a
mix of ignorance or knowing 14 months
ago but let's say getting a partner and that
kind of thing well I have tried to flirt
with girls as many
people have done and in my case well if at some
point I accept it and I accept my mistake here in
front of the camera I am not lying to you I am
very afraid of doing this but I feel
that part of that fear also
drives me to take the courage and face
the camera and say this so I have
tried to flirt with girls who have
felt uncomfortable
maybe it was because they did not want to be
with you
with that doormat face that leads me to
jokes jokes to those who did not want to be
with you they have simply felt
uncomfortable because you never know you never
know with the simple appearance that you
divas to me and when you are doing this
when a reality of I accept because you
want to wet the churro or hide [ __ ]
from the  green carpet everyone knows what
her flirting was like
go to the tempters on
temptation island it's that they are pathetic at
flirting and as she flirts you can't read she flirted
cheaper shot like the other day
I'm sure he told her one is that through
your eyes I can see the goodness that is
in you all its virtues and echoes what the [ __ ] comes
down through the eyes
and what happens if they have the peace of soriano
then people that it is a way of
flirting so cheap goddess no way I
tell her I'm a girl
I apologized to her at the moment I
never think according to what I remember never having
insisted on that type of thing but
at the moment that they pointed out to me that they
had made me uncomfortable well I
apologized and I didn't follow through with that
which is forgiven very gratefully and
nevertheless well it happens many times that
some people don't know how to
react to this you feel
harassed or harassed and you don't know how you don't
know what to do you understand then it
may have happened that there are girls who
have felt uncomfortable with me
and I have not noticed it and I have continued
ahead making them uncomfortable then for
all of them I
apologize very much it really
was not my intention at any time was it about blaming you
for having tried to flirt
with girls
to me that I'm going to eat your mouth
what have I done now 2000 there is more I'm
going to eat all the actors turbo
kino
thank you very much sweetheart thank you very much
to men who are in the mood
forgive
me forgive me for telling you what I just told you it
was not my intention I am truly
sorry I am very sorry if I have
ever told people that I
would change everything bocchino really
really I am so sorry man I know that
some want to eat my bocchino but I do not care I do not care I
apologize
because maybe it could have upset and I
have the responsibility to do so
above all I am sorry to all those to whom I have
ever told you that the
agreements always okay
Katherine thanks for the super chat but I
think that it is not the time for jokes and the
time always the time for
suspicions but I'm sorry okay I am sorry
for wanting to eat opposites always
really
how daring
I consider that what in the
practices that other people have done is very wrong
that when they are accused of this type
of things they defend themselves and give arguments and
say that he gave me the signs no we should not
accept mistakes if we
all make mistakes and what
makes us great or what makes us better
people today and that we have the
capacity to be able but it's that you
are blaming us it couldn't be because it is I am
blaming specifically because the musician
says well he writes to me blaming because I was
my pain very low or the aunt told me
no and I went on and on well I still do
n't understand but either he says that when
a girl has told him that she doesn't spend already
cut but he is blaming your
parents in case he doesn't realize that he
has bothered some aunt that he
has thrown money at well
look just in
case
and adds is that you have to be great to
be great you have to apologize what you
want us to tell you that you are very
good people how good you are that the
example to follow
wants us to have these because you
know how to have face because he is up
with that refrain
of analyzing how we were wrong and
realize that we made that mistake and
I have made that mistake and probably
many of  you guys and I also
seem to me that I get involved all [ __ ]
to me I don't sell everything on your loss and it's
a lot of 38-7 face for you temple for
men because well it's going to be an
example for my face for you if
we want a society a little more
egalitarian well we have to learn to
accept our mistakes learn not
only that but to work
together. I've only been a year now since I
started to seriously commit to
this several are against me they
have criticized me for being an
[ __ ] the use for example of
inclusive language which is not something I want to
take in this video he
starts speaking in inclusive but in an
ironic way seriously
what is this character because he has
followers we
can challenge him to a debate with this guy
we could challenge this guy to a debate we
couldn't challenge the debates that would be
one of the jewels of my channel for
example open the opportunity of my channel
and say let's have a channel with so many
followers why not use it one to
report things like this and another to make
known girls who may have a lot of
talent and who are not being
discovered at this moment because of
prejudice  that I travel they get angry at the
paper and sorry if at any time
throughout my life it has bothered
someone that I have thrown a token at them, well
look I throw two tokens at them because it has
caught my eye and I know that these are the
things of nature they are down there
and you are going to apologize in case it has
bothered them I was going to use your channel to
promote girls
and why not promote itchy wiki it is
based on the fact that I am going to take and see a
promotional because a girl
if the one around me
I know that it is going to be a controversial video many
who are against feminism
controversial not
ridiculous are going to be against
this video too but well I want to take the
reins and the course of this and I want that
if tomorrow comes the end of
my days or in other words die directly I can
leave something good on the planet not
only leave biology but
also leave a change in society
because for science to work there
also has to be a change in
society
but what are you going to leave
some things do not go hand in hand with the other you
get nothing by doing a lot of
research to be able to save the
planet if you still continue destroying
them and  there is still violence
if these types of things continue to happen
and the worst thing is that they are
justifying themselves then I reiterate my
apologies to all the people who
feel comfortable with me and I am
feeling comfortable right now
again go and blame why not for
nothing
kid it
was without bad intentions I am
completely open to those who want to approach you
can approach and well I am going to
apologize directly and the same if you
consider that at any time I
crossed the line
then I am also willing to accept
any type of
punishment for my mistakes because I
consider that if one truly changes
then what I was just telling you
I am willing to accept any of
my punishments for what I have done
h
I am willing I am willing to assume
responsibility for having been born a
man
if you have to condemn me for something
Javi let it be for being handsome but you
always have to condemn me for something that is
for having been born a man
I am to blame you should not
justify it but rather accept that mistake
and learn from that mistake and I want to
learn from your mistakes I want to be a
better person and I start first by
exposing myself publicly so that
you can see that I am not a
person  because many times the
edu I had the youtubers I am a
normal person like any other I already
make jokes because there are scripts and everything
for my videos but I am a
normal person who makes very normal mistakes not to have
made rap
mistakes that sometimes screw up that have made
other people suffer and well the
important thing in this is to learn from them
and to be a better person in the
part that I am going to say it will cost me a
little more to say what it is I have had to
live this what is
gender violence very closely many times at
least seven girls close to children to
relatives even couples
friends have suffered different types of
abuse it is known here in Chile as the
progressive who believed that the military would take him
for being a biology popularizer
in 2019
and you accuse whoever is standing thanks
for the super chat but do not accuse him
that in this payment but it points out ways
points out ways to become a
regular character here on the channel
from harassment to rape and something that
I believe takes a lot of courage to
do and that I want to do
today here publicly in front of everyone
and for everyone sorry it is my
personal experience with that
when I had  seven years a teacher gave me it's
something that I even feel like a little
fire inside with a nerve to say it to
the camera I want to cry but I don't
think that's really me because well
yes there are a lot of mixed emotions since I
'm exposing myself publicly with
something that is quite personal
so I lived close by what that feels like
and it's ugly it's horrible I mean I didn't
stop touching myself for anyone until I was
around 1920 years old let's see I'm very sorry for what's
going to happen if it's true or if we
invented locations of everything knowing that you
know that these people are just the typical thing
that they invent cases but that case
the truth 200 is gender violence I
had a strong trauma with that
imagine what it's like to be a child going to
school and well a teacher goes to
where you are in the bathroom and obviously I do
n't want to give details of what
happened to me it's something that I only accepted at 27 years old
that had happened it took me a
long time to accept it and well to live it
firsthand to realize also that
because of the sexist structure in which I
grew up I have made mistakes not to  that
level or obviously but yes for example
in flirting I have made mistakes that
are not correct for example on one
occasion when my channel was good it
was not starting I had like a hundred thousand
subscribers there I
used the name wiki it is based on saying I am
wiki it looks like he was trying to
flirt and that is wrong, I mean it is not using
a figure of power an authority to be
able to achieve something that is negative he
has done a lot of crazy things in
only 10 seconds
the first thing he used the name
wiki is gone to be able to flirt who the [ __ ]
wiki is gone
who knows you dad
as constituted saying that he is the [ __ ]
blond use vegetable he used my name
to flirt
that to begin with and second because you
have to apologize for using your name
to flirt
there are people who use their body because they
are very good like me there are people who
use their face because they are very handsome like
me also there are people who use their
smile because they have teeth like me
also there are people who use their name
on youtube their popularity like me
also well having cried everything wrong
but what's wrong with each one uses
their attributes I
mean each one uses their points
attributes what happens
and maybe  everything when you go with your
new car when you look good with your
designer clothes that you bought it is wrong that you
use it to flirt
and on top of that he said that you are using
that for a bad good, I mean for a bad good he
said it is already bad to flirt to
be a figure of power an authority
to be able to get something that is
negative that is something negative I mean it is
negative to [ __ ] someone
authority figure
schalke what moment is a youtuber going to
become an authority figure
for me a youtube comes to me that youtube I
tell you to ally myself because if youtube is a
figure of authority for me
and it is going to be an authority figure for
me it
is an authority a policeman a
processor maybe a
goodbye what the [ __ ] [ __ ] do
the progressives put in your head
what the [ __ ] do people
who were trying to get their [ __ ] done dude
then with that because I see
women do not like this first with
this personality power she likes
threesomes with a lot of personality normally
or at least that she falls in love
then with time she reflects
you realize that if you really
want to find a partner then be
sincere be yourself do not use the
tools that you have with that like
be honest and I know but let's see be
honest
it's that zero and why am I not going to use the
tool I
use whatever the [ __ ] comes out of me
like if I want to rent a Ferrari and
pick her up in a Ferrari and tell her it's
mine I
use whatever the [ __ ] comes out of my dick
you with this blouse
that could perfectly be on
my grandmother's dining room table but the
table camilla' under the glass you're going to
come to me you're going to give me the advice to
flirt
you
sorry but what wasn't the
right one sorry but you don't pretend to me
that you're a person to follow
advice from the video torio
this weekend because well you're going to end up making someone
else uncomfortable and you're going to make them
suffer and the uncomfortable one is you you
see guys put yourselves girls
put yourselves in this situation you
know the friend
is at a club I appear with my
Mercedes I give it
to the security to move the
car for me I take off my jacket I
put on my Armani shirt he
asks me for a drink he brings me closer to you and I say
I'm wise oliveira do
you want
today how would I give I
think it was  to fraga
because I have big waves left
I think that would be what would happen
but now however now however however
this boy arrives this
boy comes closer to you his
mouth smells like the croquette of the sea like he just
ate hook and they
are repeating himself he brings
these lips closer to you they say nothing I am
week and he leaves
[Music]
thanks to the success thanks
what would you do or five you are uncomfortable I
am saying the [ __ ] I am
building myself as if I were a scalextric
or what do I tell you oh girl I don't have a built studio
but if you want you can put your chips together
because there are two thousand people here watching
people I suffered this violation at some point
but I have also had to suffer that
of people very close to me and I know that many
of the people who are watching this
on the one hand the boys who are watching
this may have made these mistakes
and I want to be start making a role model
for other men totally
next to the pull I what in fact I was about to
ask you right now who is
your hairdresser to take an example because
really
I am freaking out two guys I want to be
just like you it
's time to leave like  They say enough is
enough and get rid of those
sexist concepts that society already told us, society is
changing, I have changed, these types of men
scare me and distrust me, it's
as if they were trying to hide a very
dark past because they were very bad people
before, face crying loudly,
I always say what localities are, they
always have a reason behind
behaving in such an absurd way
because they carry the good that he said because you
can say, hey, well, I don't like it when
women are treated badly, hey, well, I don't
like it when you say this to your girlfriend, a
sexist comment, imagine that you
do something but you didn't see fit to
do it or you don't want to do it, hey, your
machismo, I don't know what things within
logic, but when they do it in
such an absurd way like
the mess that we ended up with today on
the main channel, which I'm going to leave the
video in the description, when they take it
so far to the last, it's for two or three
reasons, one of them was that he has
a lot of [ __ ] to hide, that he wants to
make a bomb out of a bun of a shield, to
all the [ __ ] that two have to hide
because they want to wet another's churro, I do
n't know why, otherwise  way they don't
talk to women there
was more reason but
the other reason is worth it remember those are
the two main ones but there were other
reasons that occurred to me once
many times we are no longer sacrificing
people for a god so we are
moving forward as a society and we must continue
moving forward as a society
[Music]
Thank you very much for becoming a member but
you may have named the
mountain range welcome then you may
agree with me as you may
not agree with me and I
am also sure that there are many girls who have
also been violated and
I also call on you not to remain
silent if you felt
attacked then file a complaint now
even if it comes from me file the
complaint in other words do not remain silent
I, like Sebastian I say it, I have never
had any bad intentions I have not tried
to be a bad person and do things
like that but it was out of ignorance and they are
mistakes and I want to assume those mistakes and that
is why today I faced
the camera I have
lost important people in my
life because of this to these types of issues
and there was waka waka es and says girls do not
remain silent even if it is for me to
report me  who knows if you're
going to see the garbage that must have driven
this guy here this [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
22 alves the [ __ ] garbage that he must have done
that I'm driving him to make a
fool of this couple
hitting each other with the whip there's
never anything good behind a
reality I
never say no it doesn't fail man it doesn't fail no
point it fails
when they take them to the extreme so absurd
so exaggerated
and I'm not willing for these things to keep
happening that's the truth be the
pain that is felt inside it's very
great the rage and helpers I remember
that he criticized a lot
thank you very much thank you very much for the
3000 like let's see what the name has
been to kiss him still
the long the bard thank you very much king I
send you a huge kiss man thank you very much
for
[Music]
welcome Fernando Rosa welcome
when I went out in feminist groups they
broke things believe me when they
rape or abuse someone who is very
close to you it makes you
want to break everything
for the first time I understand it before I
criticized him I said what's up
with him what's up with
inclusive language sounds  ugly to say all of that and
I currently still don't use it
verbally but well I included the x
then I said well no no it doesn't make
sense that's why they break things
really it is a pain that is
always inside and an impotence of not being
able to do anything it
is the typical complex that is
victimized by everything I
think that here it is a shitty
traction it gives me that feeling there must
be something that has pushed
this guy
well we wanted too exaggerated and there were
a couple of words that give me the
feeling that there must be a
very big help that drove you in
this video because a relative of yours a
person close to you
the violin it
is painful it is strong
believe me I have been through these things so many
times and one is going to become stronger
inside
me as Sebastian as Sebastian Rojas
I am proud to know that despite the fact that
I made mistakes it has been improving as a
person I am proud that my channel
has been true if what was said is
made this estimate has been very good
very good bug and of the 11 minutes that
we have of video five minutes surely they
are talking about what a good person and that
no  stop wanting to become
a better person
dude you're not an iphone x you don't
have one and today you can update that
everyone has to of course
learn from mistakes but don't
repeat more heavily
something that has contributed to society and I
want it to continue contributing and contribute
much more for that
if you don't like feminist issues
you are free to subscribe to the channel but
I like Sebastian just like when they
criticized me the first time
pseudoscience was talked about the first time you
start writing to bring
people closer to their sciences what will you appeal to we will
continue with you traditional esplanade you
will be notified
where they are where
these people were
on the Davis channel so many
who like science is my goal has
never been the bike to write
but to simulate as if my channel were
pseudoscience for these people and
teach them real science and well I had to
face people they criticized me
scientists and now I have
recognitions from several universities I
have worked with NASA and with Alma
I never thought I would achieve those
things so it's time to keep moving
forward no there is no limit to
improve as a person we will always make
mistakes  mistakes you don't have liters of water
from that cup it is and there is always the
opportunity to learn from them I
apologize if the video is a little long
because I see that we are already about 12
minutes
if you are not going to apologize even because the
video is long
now I only need you to apologize
for having gained color and for having
monetized the video if they have not
monetized it there is no way but it is something that
I consider that had to be done on the one
hand I reiterate I apologize
infinitely if someone
felt attacked by me it was very bad
over time I have learned to be a
much more humble person which is something
that I think is very important on the other
hand I tell you that the pain that is felt
with this type of things is strong
thank you and what I would have liked most I would
be naming you
one does not usually go down to the mud but I would
humiliate him material has so far in
a chat if you are going to fight that they are
defaming me at least let me
answer if not I will leave you nothing damn I
am telling you something answer answer well well
no nothing that they tell you that I
insult and me that yes  that no, that I stop
instructing I remember what I said
that no, that I insult and that's why he
insults me no, it's not true take the videos
on youtube and look at what I say and look at what
they say there is a big
difference
if they have supported you on the left with my
last video
I hope you have
but also you become stronger and you
want to make a change and I want
today to make a change again I
want you to empathize with me empathy
is natural but I want you all to
also reflect reflections on
your actions
think about everything well
I am far right I am
extremist because because I do not want to
love with people who go against me or
who go against the ideology that I
can really have my ideas and this
is here that well this is surreal
and the thing about how you see it like this times then
well well the
battle is lost if we are going to change 45 and I have
changed people I have changed a feminist
live has stopped being a feminist has
changed has changed an independence supporter
in many independence supporters write to me
I have stopped being one I mean as
David said for me
an older woman
sometimes  that especially men
the times that you have flirted with someone and you
think and they have hurt someone
reflect on that we already need more
people learning from our mistakes
I apologize for this super chat
forgiven catering figueres if you are a
woman I forgive you if you are a man it is not worth it thank you very much
and changing that people
justifying themselves as if they had not
done anything wrong if we want to make a
better society part for us I am a
man I cannot be a feminist for the
same reason but I am a pro minist and I
declare myself for the first time in front of the
camera as a prophet
in tonal I said I will pretend that men
cannot be feminist minister I am in
favor of feminism and I am in favor of
breaking down gender gaps and
well I want to start including at
least once a month to recommend a
girl's channel for all those who
are telling me why don't you recommend
boy's channels because we already see many
boys at the top and well I want to give the
opportunity to make new
channels known because nobody grew up alone I did not
grow up alone,
several large channels have been recommended to me, within that the
first was the platonic robot, a vara
recommend  every month or every week a
girl's channel
because if I'm a woman
Aldo was the first to recommend my
channel curiously I'm also very
grateful to them because my channel wouldn't
have 200 thousand if at the beginning
then I'm going to make girls' channels known
and many of them really
have talent and if they like it they go and
subscribe if they don't like it they
simply don't subscribe but right now I need to
start giving decent spaces
you have David's video delayed x
nl you see
but if you're not going to upload it he
has taken away the [ __ ] I get fat from the
house and what they want is to end I am a
very elitist cleaning and first we have to get
rid of this problem and so we are going to
abstain now we are going to have
socialism and populism as long as
public money lasts in the
media that's what I say but if
nobody leaves me I have always said that
I am in favor
for me the d'hont law is an
absolute robbery and then I do not believe in this system
of electing politicians but we
should also think about whether the
problem did not begin as educational
because the Spanish in a  70% want to
be civil servants
so I think it's educational let's
first get rid of the fat and
please remove the tentacles of the penis v and of
esquerra and of catch and of pan-Catalanism
in Valencia because if not people will not be
able to educate themselves in a neutral way
like I was extremely lucky that
my daughter plus a teacher told me don't even pray a
thousand so
we are not going to get ahead in any way
because science is not armed only with
men and women equally of all
types of people just like I once
felt discriminated against because of my hair
because they tell me that I don't have to cut it
because that's how they like it well no I
like to have long hair
but the round one they like
[Laughter]
to visions of discrimination hair
because I told her that she had to
cut it one of these tips are not very
healthy okay the tip is not very healthy it
's another from here but many times they have
told me bald and I felt discriminated against
also it's true
feeling like a woman there is nothing wrong with
a trans girl also there is nothing
wrong with it I mean if we want to make a change
in the  society partly for us partly
for stopping being fenced in and partly for
starting to read
although the majority of us remain
locked up with the radical ideas of
feminism because believe me there is a
fairly broad scientific basis that does
show that there is a gap that
will lead the pharaoh made the great support she
already deleted her twitter greetings she is
joking with me thanks for the super show team she
is joking zero pull she has deleted her
twitter
seriously
wow yes of
course because she went out to delete
tweets I
went out to delete yours to delete I'm going to delete
yours and others appear with other words to
another and so she said look delete twitter that
it takes up for ass it ended before they don't
release anything else it shows that there is a lot of
violence against women and that it also
shows that men are also
affected by machismo
I put on makeup for the camera you can't
imagine the number of times she was
attacked because of that
what the [ __ ] do you feel good
if I put on makeup every day all
the videos I am made up I did
n't go to bed for that please I
ask you enough
and the same with the social pressure that you can't
cry like a man
you have to, I mean hungry with
makeup on constantly flirting with
girls on to prove your manhood to
others that is also abuse from men
to men we have to change for the
first time those attitudes men
cry like any other person learn
to let their feelings flow
and learn to recognize their mistakes and that
these types of things do not happen anymore
here
yes yes it is simple yes with makeup on of course
always
now no more and much less in people
who are supposed to be dedicating their
lives to science to deliver something good
now and I'm not just saying this because there have been
situations of harassment that I'm not going to
mention names but you already know
thanks in will say love a big kiss who
came out publicly very recently as
a situation of harassment I'm not going to give
details of that until it is
officially public because it came out public but your
beautiful face does not use makeup because
like good eyes and like in case because of the
anger of the people but nothing has really come out
public then well I
removed the videos that I had with with the one on
my channel
because clearly the wiki is going and I say it
here does not approve of that type of attitudes
with whoever has removed the videos already with
the one  my channel that came out publicly
very recently as a situation of
harassment I'm not going to give details of that until it
's officially public because it's necessary
public or rather there is someone there is some
youtuber who has been accused of harassment and
here are two videos with that youtube
the one who had collaborations with this guy
must have some hidden garbage that
freaks you out when he made this video
because he has some hidden garbage that
freaks you out
like in case of people's anger
but nothing has really come out public so well
I removed the videos that I
had with him on my channel
[Music]
but clearly in week and he leaves and I
say it here I do not approve of that type of
attitudes and on the other hand this type of
things I know also happen in
universities there are professors who do
this type of things and it is not right if
someone approaches and this is an example
also that I want to give for people who
are men and who are also
spreading if it is if someone approaches
by the way the wikis question goes away
because the cell has so many
mitochondria he is asking you why it
has so many mitochondria what wants to
be static in portico sex you have to
learn to differentiate  things so
you know guys if a girl
in a club comes up to you to
ask you how many cells a mitochondria has it's
because she wants to know because she knows
how many cells a mitochondria has
because the girl has lost count and
needs your help not because she wants to flirt with
you but because you're simpletons I
find it detestable and it disgusts me to think of
people who do this in a
rational way I mean it's not even a
mistake anymore I mean there's evil or an
intention to want to achieve something let's start
making a change between all of us
for the first time
to want to achieve something let's start making
a change between a diaz daniel that it
goes well for you
because the video is over dude take out web
videos already two hours relating this
[ __ ] video
the channel of this one that we didn't count on
them and two hours two now pressing
I'm going to guys
who loves you beyond clarifying that he
wants to go because its time has been a while since
its time to take a walk so we
have to go guys see you
tomorrow okay tomorrow 100% sure we'll
see each other